---
layout: post
title:  "Getting Cut From Sports Teams"
date:   2018-03-20 20:43:50 -0500
categories: 
---
It happens every year. To make a sports team, one must show skill, potential and grit. All three of these attributes are witnessed during tryouts and games every year during seasonal sports, but unfortunately, trying out for the sport you love doesn’t always turn out the way it is expected.

Whether it is baseball, football or any other sport, dreams are crushed every season as hundreds of students are cut from their respective sports, and it is taking its toll on the students. Some had dreams to play professional or even collegiate, but one high school tryout ruins their self esteem. This happened to sophomore Benson Fechter when he did not make the baseball team.

“Being cut was devastating,” Fechter said. “I shed a couple tears in the tryout room as I was walking out. It was like my dream ended.”

It was one of the toughest moments Fechter had ever had to deal with as he had never gone a day without thinking, watching, or playing baseball. That was one of the top reasons being cut affected him so much; he had never had the experience.

Baseball is everything to Benson. He also doesn’t enjoy the free time being cut gave him. He had trouble coping with the fact he had lost a shot at becoming the professional player he dreamed of being. Forget about free time, he just wants to get back out there and show what he’s got to offer.

“I’m transferring to Seton La Salle next year, not only for learning more about the Catholic religion, but the chance to fulfill my dream of playing baseball for a living.” Fechter said.

Fechter has always followed Pittsburgh sports teams but of course baseball is what he prefers. He is a die hard fan of the Pittsburgh Pirates and their farm system teams like Indianapolis and Bradenton.

“I love baseball, in ALL CAPS” Fechter stated.

Baseball for him is a lifestyle. He even runs a Pirates fan page on instagram called “Bucs Dugout” where he posts daily news and scores on the Pirates. He loves America’s pastime, but also loves to play the sport as well, his favorite among the many sports he has played throughout his life.

“I’ve played baseball, football, basketball, soccer and wrestling,” Fechter stated. “Baseball is by far my favorite sport of all time.”

Fechter wants to be a great student athlete and has had trouble coping with the fact that he is not on the baseball team. He knows he is capable of doing the impossible and doesn’t believe the doubters. He hopes to pave his path to success.

“Nobody in my family really pressures me to do well,” Fechter said,”they also told me not to worry about what anyone else thinks and just play.”

As Fechter and many other student athletes continue their journey to success, there will always be many bumps in the road, and coping with those is the tough part. Whether it is high school or professional, most athletes have to deal with these issues of being let go by their sport. Some players have had easier times bouncing back than others. With the Mt. Lebanon baseball team, the players are up against a lot of competition and many other successful student athletes.

“There was three days, hitting, fielding, and pitching,” Fechter said,“There were about 67 who tried out and about 45 players made the team.”

